the traffic board has decided that the white farm does not
only from the company's proposals is but is also the function of
senior official record now works you may wonder this is not a bit
late contract deserves to know
the new thriller without sins ek faces something that is not exactly determined either
Trusting in the Bible Reading is this not a bit when it lies
patrick were there is that
oh, she had traffic from the right and soul, but you can hear me here as standard
and then the company had said it is not necessary that we have one
appoint new top executive because we are still ourselves
to the split into three separate companies whose intention it is
that he
individual to Brussels
contact now also more often on that decision between supply and demand budo
just become a source ok to become a CIO
he was already chairman of the board of directors and she was also the chairman
of the Management Committee does not officially hold the position of the CIO
it is a bit of a strange decision but you can explain it
by the fact that terrain was critical of 8 dad it was said tower analysts by
investors akva is a pilotless ship it is not clear who
is at the head of the company while the net and
that group is still having some problems and
measures needed injured but oh well to get back on track
so i think that the decision goes there to explain why it may fail
again a mate was needed
the opinion of the board and so they asked for then
familiar face that exalted by the way everything between 2009 and 2010
fifth cio
to resume that function
and then again with the arrival of van der hooves and and his book bolt does now
Also don't lift the commander of the ship
There are a number of settlements in the South's Management Board
board also let him know
will never oversee the daily business and in the company this will
happen with a one committee j
the same from the board of directors of roc repels part of
will matter
all the group has also said that making acc acc healthy again now
the absolute top priority
and then in the second order, a breakdown scenario will be performed further